README.md, before:

# LiveG Sphere Browser
Sphere, the web browser designed for the LiveG ecosystem. Bringing you power, speed, functionality and more.

This repository is licensed by the [LiveG Open-Source Licence](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Sphere/blob/master/LICENCE.md).

Sphere is a web browser which is written in JavaScript using [Adapt UI](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Adapt-UI) and [Zapr](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Zapr). The browser is very portable and is supported by a wide range of platforms. Sphere is built on top of [Electron](http://electronjs.org/) so that it is a standalone application which can be compiled into gDesk OS apps, Linux binaries, Windows executables, macOS apps and more.

## Prerequisites
In order to develop Sphere (and do things such as building Sphere), you'll need the following installed:
* [Zapr](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Zapr) (with Zapr added to your PATH)
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads) (with the `py` utility added to your PATH)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (with the `npm` utility added to your PATH)

## Building Sphere
To build and test Sphere, run at the command line in the project root directory if you're using Bash (for gDesk OS, Linux and macOS):

```bash
$ ./build.sh
```

Alternatively, run this in Command Prompt at the project root directory (for Windows):

```batch
build
```

This should then build Sphere by using Zapr, build the documentation files also by using Zapr and finally run Electron via npm. If you want to specify command-line arguments that Sphere should use when it runs, just append them to the end of the command.

## Distributing Sphere
To distribute Sphere for your platform, run at the command line in the project root directory if you're using Bash (for gDesk OS, Linux and macOS):

```bash
$ ./dist.sh
```

Alternatively, run this in Command Prompt at the project root directory (for Windows):

```batch
dist
```

The binary should be in the `dist` directory (which is ignored by Git due to the large file sizes).

This should do the same as building Sphere, except instead of running Sphere at the end of building it, it packages Sphere into a binary for your computer's platform. In order to distribute Sphere for other platforms, you'll need to run the respective commands on said platforms to get their binaries.

## Available command-line arguments
Below is a list of command-line arguments that you can use with Sphere in order to take full control of it.

### `--debug`
```
--debug     Enter debug mode for Sphere.
```

Launch Chromium Dev Tools when Sphere runs (Sphere's debug mode) so that it can be debugged.

> **Note:** This argument will not do anything if you're using a compiled version of Sphere (for example by using the Windows executable). The argument will only work when you're using the build scripts to run Sphere.

### `--help`
```
--help      Display this help screen.
```

Display the help screen that is a simpler equivalent to this section.

Aliases: `-h`, `/?`

### `--lang`
```
--lang      Force the UI language to be the locale specified.
            <locale>            The locale code to be used. For example, English (United Kingdom) would be `en_GB`.
```

Force the UI language to be the locale (in the format `xx_XX` where the first two letters are the language and the last two are the country) specified.

### `--mirroring-direction`
```
--mirroring-direction
            Force the UI text mirroring direction to be the direction specified.
            ltr                 Use the left-to-right (LTR) text mirroring direction.
            rtl                 Use the right-to-left (RTL) text mirroring direction.
```

Force the UI text mirroring direction to be the direction (either `ltr` for left-to-right mirroring or `rtl` for right-to-left mirroring) specified.

Commit message:

Add more argument info to mirroring directions

README.md, after:

# LiveG Sphere Browser
Sphere, the web browser designed for the LiveG ecosystem. Bringing you power, speed, functionality and more.

This repository is licensed by the [LiveG Open-Source Licence](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Sphere/blob/master/LICENCE.md).

Sphere is a web browser which is written in JavaScript using [Adapt UI](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Adapt-UI) and [Zapr](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Zapr). The browser is very portable and is supported by a wide range of platforms. Sphere is built on top of [Electron](http://electronjs.org/) so that it is a standalone application which can be compiled into gDesk OS apps, Linux binaries, Windows executables, macOS apps and more.

## Prerequisites
In order to develop Sphere (and do things such as building Sphere), you'll need the following installed:
* [Zapr](https://github.com/LiveG-Development/Zapr) (with Zapr added to your PATH)
* [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads) (with the `py` utility added to your PATH)
* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download) (with the `npm` utility added to your PATH)

## Building Sphere
To build and test Sphere, run at the command line in the project root directory if you're using Bash (for gDesk OS, Linux and macOS):

```bash
$ ./build.sh
```

Alternatively, run this in Command Prompt at the project root directory (for Windows):

```batch
build
```

This should then build Sphere by using Zapr, build the documentation files also by using Zapr and finally run Electron via npm. If you want to specify command-line arguments that Sphere should use when it runs, just append them to the end of the command.

## Distributing Sphere
To distribute Sphere for your platform, run at the command line in the project root directory if you're using Bash (for gDesk OS, Linux and macOS):

```bash
$ ./dist.sh
```

Alternatively, run this in Command Prompt at the project root directory (for Windows):

```batch
dist
```

The binary should be in the `dist` directory (which is ignored by Git due to the large file sizes).

This should do the same as building Sphere, except instead of running Sphere at the end of building it, it packages Sphere into a binary for your computer's platform. In order to distribute Sphere for other platforms, you'll need to run the respective commands on said platforms to get their binaries.

## Available command-line arguments
Below is a list of command-line arguments that you can use with Sphere in order to take full control of it.

### `--debug`
```
--debug     Enter debug mode for Sphere.
```

Launch Chromium Dev Tools when Sphere runs (Sphere's debug mode) so that it can be debugged.

> **Note:** This argument will not do anything if you're using a compiled version of Sphere (for example by using the Windows executable). The argument will only work when you're using the build scripts to run Sphere.

### `--help`
```
--help      Display this help screen.
```

Display the help screen that is a simpler equivalent to this section.

Aliases: `-h`, `/?`

### `--lang`
```
--lang      Force the UI language to be the locale specified.
            <locale>            The locale code to be used. For example, English (United Kingdom) would be `en_GB`.
```

Force the UI language to be the locale (in the format `xx_XX` where the first two letters are the language and the last two are the country) specified.

### `--mirroring-direction`
```
--mirroring-direction
            Force the UI text mirroring direction to be the direction specified.
            ltr                 Use the left-to-right (LTR) text mirroring direction.
            rtl                 Use the right-to-left (RTL) text mirroring direction.
```

Force the UI text mirroring direction to be the direction (either `ltr` for left-to-right mirroring or `rtl` for right-to-left mirroring) specified. This does not affect the direction of static pages as that is specified by the `--lang` argument.
